README.md, before:

# OpenCode Cursor Proxy

**English** | [中文](README.zh-CN.md)

> **Disclaimer**
>
> This is an **experimental** community project that integrates with Cursor via **unofficial** interfaces.
>
> - **May break at any time** if Cursor changes upstream behavior
> - **No guarantees** on stability, compatibility, or long-term support
> - **Not affiliated with / endorsed by Cursor**
> - May violate [Cursor Terms of Service](https://www.cursor.com/terms-of-service); **your account could be suspended/terminated**
>
> By using this project, you acknowledge these risks and accept full responsibility. For educational and research purposes only.

An OpenCode plugin that lets you use Cursor’s AI backend with **OAuth authentication**, **dynamic model discovery**, and **full tool-calling support**.

## Features

- **OpenCode plugin integration** via OAuth
- **Full tool-calling support** (bash/read/write/ls/glob/grep, etc.)
- **Dynamic model discovery** from Cursor APIs
- **Streaming support** via SSE

## Quick start (OpenCode plugin)

### 1) Configure `opencode.json`

Add the plugin and provider to your `opencode.json`:

```json
{
  "$schema": "https://opencode.ai/config.json",
  "plugin": ["opencode-cursor-proxy"],
  "provider": {
    "cursor": { "name": "Cursor" }
  }
}
```

### 2) Authenticate

Run OpenCode and authenticate:

```bash
opencode auth login
```

Then:

1. Select **"other"** from the provider list
2. Enter **"cursor"** as the provider name
3. Select **"OAuth with Cursor"**
4. Complete the browser-based OAuth flow

## Standalone proxy server (optional, for development)

> The standalone proxy server is primarily a dev artifact for testing/debugging. Most users should prefer the OpenCode plugin flow above.

### Prerequisites

- [Bun](https://bun.sh)
- A Cursor account with valid credentials

### Run

```bash
git clone https://github.com/MorseWayne/opencode-cursor-proxy.git
cd opencode-cursor-proxy
bun install

# authenticate (script name is auth)
bun run auth:login

# start server
bun run server
```

Default listen address: `http://localhost:18741`

### Environment variables

|Variable|Description|Default|
|---|---|---|
|`PORT`|Server port|`18741`|
|`CURSOR_ACCESS_TOKEN`|Provide an access token directly|-|
|`CURSOR_DEBUG`|Enable debug logging|`0`|
|`CURSOR_SESSION_REUSE`|Session reuse for tool-calling|`1`|

## License

MIT

Commit message:

feat: Add initial project structure and documentation
1. Create configuration files for Cursor AI rules and Git commit messages
2. Add .npmignore to exclude unnecessary files from npm package
3. Introduce CHANGELOG.md for tracking project changes
4. Establish CONTRIBUTING.md with guidelines for contributors
5. Create README.md and README.zh-CN.md for project overview and documentation
6. Implement SECURITY.md for reporting vulnerabilities and security policies
7. Set up GitHub issue and pull request templates
8. Add CI/CD workflows for testing and release management
9. Develop comprehensive documentation including getting started, configuration, troubleshooting, and technical design
10. Include initial project files and structure for development

README.md, after:

# OpenCode Cursor Proxy

**English** | [中文](README.zh-CN.md)

> **Disclaimer**
>
> This is an **experimental** community project that integrates with Cursor via **unofficial** interfaces.
>
> - **May break at any time** if Cursor changes upstream behavior
> - **No guarantees** on stability, compatibility, or long-term support
> - **Not affiliated with / endorsed by Cursor**
> - May violate [Cursor Terms of Service](https://www.cursor.com/terms-of-service); **your account could be suspended/terminated**
>
> By using this project, you acknowledge these risks and accept full responsibility. For educational and research purposes only.

An OpenCode plugin that lets you use Cursor's AI backend with **OAuth authentication**, **dynamic model discovery**, and **full tool-calling support**.

## Documentation

- 🚀 [Getting Started](docs/getting-started.md) - Installation and setup guide
- ⚙️ [Configuration](docs/configuration.md) - All configuration options
- 🔧 [Troubleshooting](docs/troubleshooting.md) - Common issues and solutions
- 🏗️ [Architecture](docs/development/architecture.md) - Technical deep dive

## Features

- **OpenCode plugin integration** via OAuth
- **Full tool-calling support** (bash/read/write/ls/glob/grep, etc.)
- **Dynamic model discovery** from Cursor APIs
- **Streaming support** via SSE

## Quick start (OpenCode plugin)

### 1) Configure `opencode.json`

Add the plugin and provider to your `opencode.json`:

```json
{
  "$schema": "https://opencode.ai/config.json",
  "plugin": ["opencode-cursor-proxy"],
  "provider": {
    "cursor": { "name": "Cursor" }
  }
}
```

### 2) Authenticate

Run OpenCode and authenticate:

```bash
opencode auth login
```

Then:

1. Select **"other"** from the provider list
2. Enter **"cursor"** as the provider name
3. Select **"OAuth with Cursor"**
4. Complete the browser-based OAuth flow

## Standalone proxy server (optional, for development)

> The standalone proxy server is primarily a dev artifact for testing/debugging. Most users should prefer the OpenCode plugin flow above.

### Prerequisites

- [Bun](https://bun.sh)
- A Cursor account with valid credentials

### Run

```bash
git clone https://github.com/MorseWayne/opencode-cursor-proxy.git
cd opencode-cursor-proxy
bun install

# authenticate (script name is auth)
bun run auth:login

# start server
bun run server
```

Default listen address: `http://localhost:18741`

### Environment variables

|Variable|Description|Default|
|---|---|---|
|`PORT`|Server port|`18741`|
|`CURSOR_ACCESS_TOKEN`|Provide an access token directly|-|
|`CURSOR_DEBUG`|Enable debug logging|`0`|
|`CURSOR_SESSION_REUSE`|Session reuse for tool-calling|`1`|

## License

MIT
